There's a girl
in this harbor town
♪ And she works
layin' whiskey down
♪ They say, "Brandy,
fetch another round"
♪ And she serves
them whiskey and wine
♪ The sailors say "Brandy,
you're a fine girl"
♪ "What a good wife
you would be"
- Come on!
- Slow down!
This way, my river lily!
Come on!
Where are you taking me?
Come on, come on.
Look. Look!
Oh, it's beautiful!
I was afraid it wouldn't
take to the soil...
but it rooted quickly.
And soon, it'll be everywhere.
All across the universe.
Well, I don't know what
you're talking about...
but I like the way you say it.
My heart is yours...
Meredith Quill.
I can't believe I fell in
love with a spaceman.
So I guess this could
all be mine someday.
Rocket? Rocket, are you there?
What are you doing, Peter?
Dance with me.
I'm not going to dance with you.
This is Sam Cooke...
one of the greatest
Earth singers of all time.
Drax thinks you're not a dancer.
If you ever tell
anyone about this...
I will kill you.
When are we gonna do something
about this unspoken thing between us?
What unspoken thing?
This...
Cheers, Sam and Diane...
a guy and a girl on a TV
show who dig each other...
but never say it
because if they do,
the ratings would go down...
sort of thing.
There's no unspoken thing.
Well, it's a catch-22,
because if you said it,
then it would be spoken...
and you would be a liar.
So, by not saying it...
you are telling the truth,
and admitting that there is.
No, that's not what I...
What we should be discussing right
now is something about this place.
It doesn't feel right.
What are you talking about?
You're the one who
wanted me to come here!
That girl Mantis...
she's afraid of something.
Why are you trying to
take this away from me?
I'm not trying...
He's my father. He's blood.
You have blood on Earth and
you never wanted to return there.
Again, you made me come here!
And Earth is the place where
my mother died in front of me.
No, it's because that place
is real, and this is a fantasy.
This is real! I'm only
half human, remember?
That's the half
I'm worried about.
Oh, I get it. You're jealous...
because I'm part-god, and
you like when I'm the weak one.
You were insufferable
to begin with.
I haven't been able
to reach Rocket.
I'm gonna go outside, and
I'm gonna try and get a signal.
You know what?
This is not Cheers after all!
This is whatever the show is
where one person is willing...
to open themselves
up to new possibility,
and the other
person is a jerk...
who doesn't trust anybody!
It's a show that doesn't exist.
That's why it would
get zero ratings!
I don't know what Cheers is!
I finally found my family.
Don't you understand that?
I thought you already had.
So, are we there yet?
You'll know when we're there.
Slight right.
Straight on.
Right.
Slight right.
Oh, very good, my darling.
Yes, very good.
Yes, very good, my darling.
Back home where it's safe.
Come on. Go on.
Honey, we're home.
Come on, girls.
Welcome to my humble abode.
Make yourself at home.
Let's have a drink.
Hey, no funny business.
I am putting away my weapon.
Are there any booby
traps around here?
Anything we need to know about?
I didn't raise my
girls to fall in traps.
You didn't raise us at all.
Oh, maybe so.
But if you got soft, it
wasn't on my watch.
Let's drink.
Okay.
Still fits.
Oh, my God.
I never washed it once.
Come and drink.
Rise, you workers of salvation
Family
back together again.
- Mmm.
- Seeing as our
family construct
was just a calculated ruse
that only lasted three years,
I don't think that we can use
this term anymore, can we?
Agreed. So, here's
what's gonna happen...
Okay. A reunion then, huh?
And, uh...
I want to say something
right off the bat.
You haven't aged a day, huh?
You're just as beautiful and as supple
as the day they staged our marriage.
You got fat.
But still good.
I just got out of prison.
I, uh...
- I have a lot of energy.
- Oh!
Please don't do that.
So, here's what's gonna happen.
Natasha, don't slouch.
- I'm not slouching.
- Yes, yes, you are.
I don't slouch.
You're going to
get a back hunch.
- Listen to your mother.
- Oh, my God, this...
Up, up.
All right, enough. All of you.
I didn't say anything.
That's not fair.
- Here's what's gonna happen...
- I don't want any food.
Eat a little something,
Yelena, for God's sake.
You're gonna tell us the
location of the Red Room.
You know, it's like
when you told them
that they could stay up
late to catch Santa Claus.
What? That was fun. You know,
"He come down the chimney, girls."
"Look out. Where is he?"
You wait for him, and then
when the cookies are gone,
then you see he's there.
No, no. What? I want them
- to follow their dreams.
- No good.
Reach for the stars, girls.
Finding Dreykov is not a fantasy.
It's unfinished business.
You can't defeat a man who
commands the very will of others.
You never saw the culmination
of what we started in America.
Nor did you.
Natasha, always focus, focus.
Get what you want.
Come in.
Did that pig just open the door?
Yes. It did.
Good boy, Alexei. Good boy.
You named a pig after me?
You don't see the resemblance?
See, he sits just like dog.
Amazing. Now, watch.
It's a little weird, to me.
Stop breathing.
We infiltrated the
North Institute in Ohio.
It was a front for
S.H.I.E.L.D. scientists.
Actually, it was Hydra
scientists at that time.
In conjunction with the
Winter Soldier project,
they had dissected and
deconstructed the human brain
to create the first and only cellular
blueprint of the basal ganglia.
Was the hub for cognition.
Voluntary motor movement,
procedural learning.
We didn't steal weaponry
or technology.
We stole the key to
unlocking free will.
What are you doing?
Oh, I am explaining that
the science is now so exact,
the subject can be
instructed to stop breathing
and has no choice but to obey.
Okay, you made your
point. That's enough.
Yes, all right. Well, don't worry,
Alexei could've survived
11 more seconds without oxygen.
Good boy. Now, you go back,
back home where it's safe.
You go. You go back home,
Good boy, Alexei.
The world functions on a
higher level when it is controlled.
Dreykov has chemically subjugated
agents planted around the globe.
And do you know
who they test it on?
Hmm...
No. That's not my department.
Ah, come on, come on.
- Don't lie to them. Hmm?
- I'm not lying.
You're Dreykov's architect, huh?
What were you?
If I was his architect,
you were his partner.
You were his business partner.
No, no, no. I was patsy!
- Don't give me that...
- He sell me ideology.
- Stop with the politics.
- All the while, bigger...
Shut up! You are an idiot.
And you're a coward.
You're a coward.
And our family was never real,
so there's nothing to hold on to.
We're moving on.
Never family, huh?
In my heart, I am simple man.
And I think that for a couple
deep undercover Russian agents
I think we did pretty
great as parents, huh?
Yes, we had our orders, and
we played our roles to perfection.
Who cares? That wasn't real.
- What?
- That wasn't real. Who cares?
Don't say that.
Please don't say that.
It was real.
It was real to me.
You are my mother.
You were my real mother.
The closest thing
I ever had to one.
The best part of
my life was fake.
And none of you told me.
And those agents
you chemically subjugated
around the globe?
That was me.
Mmm.
And you, you got out.
Dreykov made sure
no one could escape.
Are you gonna say anything?
No.
Don't touch me.
Yelena.
No.
- I had no idea.
- It's okay, it's okay.
I'll go talk to her.
Damn it.
Psychopath!
Are you kidding me?
I win.
I win. I bested you in combat.
No. I saved your life.
Well, you were stupid
enough to let me live.
You let me live!
I don't need you always
trying to beat me!
I'm not the one that just
flew across the universe
just because I wanted to win.
Do not tell me what I want.
I don't need to tell
you what you want!
It's obvious!
You were the one who wanted to win.
And I just wanted a sister!
You were all I had.
But you were the one
who needed to win.
Thanos pulled my
eye from my head...
and my brain from my skull...
and my arm from my body...
because of you.
- Mom.
- Oh, kids. All right.
Peter.
Come here, come here, come here.
This past weekend, Midtown's
Academic Decathlon team...
...defeated the country's best
to win the national championship.
Later that day, they
also defeated death.
Explosion. Sally scream.
Flash scream. Everybody screaming.
There were purple
lasers and smoke.
It was [bleep] tight,
like a Bon Jovi concert.
As you know, we made it out
alive, and that's the important thing.
I couldn't bear to lose a
student on a school trip.
Not again.
Thankfully, no one was seriously
injured thanks to the Spider-Man.
- Thank you, Spider-Man.
Up next: the Spider-Man
mania is sweeping the school.
How can you show
your spider spirit?
Dude, dude, dude.
What is it like being famous
when nobody knows it's you?
- Crazy, dude.
- It's crazy.
- Should we tell everyone?
- No.
- Should I tell everyone?
- No, dude. That's not a good idea.
- Okay, come on, we'll be late to class.
- I'm not going to class.
You're already in trouble
for ditching the decathlon.
Dude, listen, I figured it out.
The wingsuit guy is stealing
from Damage Control.
What he takes from Damage Control,
that's how he builds the weapons.
- So all I gotta do is catch him.
- But we have a Spanish quiz.
Ned, I'm probably never
gonna come back here.
Mr.
Stark is moving the Avengers upstate...
- ...so when I bring this guy in--
- Dude.
You want to be a
high school dropout?
I am so far beyond
high school right now.
Parker, my office.
So...
...you got detention.
You screwed up.
You know what you did was wrong.
The question is, how are
you gonna make things right?
Maybe you were
trying to be cool.
But take it from a guy who's
been frozen for 65 years...
...the only way to really
be cool is to follow the rules.
We all know what's right.
We all know what's wrong.
Next time those turkeys try
to convince you of something...
- ...you know is wrong...
- Where you going? Get back here.
...just think to yourself,
what would Captain America do?
Why are you here?
You don't have detention.
Oh, I know. I just like coming
here to sketch people in crisis.
It's you.
So your body's changing.
Believe me, I know how that feels.
May?
Hey, Karen. What's up?
Hey, Peter.
How was your Spanish quiz?
I was wondering if
you could help me.
I'm trying to figure out who the guys
under the bridge were that night...
...but I can only remember
part of a license plate.
I can run facial recognition on
the footage of that encounter.
- Footage?
- Yes, Peter.
I record everything you see.
- Everything?
- Everything.
- All the time?
- It's called the Baby Monitor Protocol.
Yeah, of course it is. Um....
- Yeah, just roll it back to last Friday.
- With pleasure.
Hey, everyone.
Yeah, kick-ass party.
Hey, what's up, Liz?
Peter's told me a lot about you.
No, no, no.
This is just me messing around.
Go later in the
day, later in the day.
It is I, Thor, son of Odin.
No, no, no. That's definitely--
That's definitely not
what we wanted to watch.
- Your impressions are funny.
- Fast-forward to the arms deal.
Okay.
The two on the
right, who are they?
Searching
law-enforcement databases.
No records found for
two of the individuals.
- Nothing?
- One individual identified.
Aaron Davis, age 33.
He has a criminal record and
an address here in Queens.
Let's pay him a visit.
Would you like me to activate the
Enhanced Interrogation Protocol?
Uh, yeah.
- Remember me?
- Hey--
I need information.
You'll give it to me now.
- All right, chill.
- Come on!
- What happened to your voice?
- What do you mean?
I heard you by the bridge.
I know what a girl sound like.
I'm not a girl. I'm a boy.
I mean, I'm a-- I'm a man.
I don't care what
you are, a boy, a girl--
I'm not a girl. I'm a man.
Come on, man. Look,
who is selling these weapons?
I need to know.
Give me names or else.
- You ain't ever done this before, huh?
- Deactivate Interrogation Mode.
Look, man.
These guys are selling weapons
that are crazy dangerous.
They can't be
out on the streets.
If one of them can cut
Delmar's Bodega in half--
- You know Delmar's?
- Yeah, best sandwich in Queens.
- Sub Haven's pretty good.
- Eh, it's too much bread.
- I like bread.
- Come on, man, please.
Stupid Interrogation Mode.
Karen, don't ever do that again.
The other night, you told that dude,
"If you shoot somebody, shoot me."
It's pretty ballsy.
I don't want those weapons
in this neighborhood.
I got a nephew who live here.
Who are these guys?
What can you tell me
about the guy with the wings?
Other than he's a psychopath
dressed like a demon, nothing.
I don't know who
he is or where he is.
- I do know where he's gonna be.
- Really?
Yeah, this crazy dude
I used to work with...
...he's supposed to be
doing a deal with him.
Yes! Yes.
- Thank--
- Hey. Hey. Hey.
I didn't tell you where.
You don't have a location.
Right, of course.
Yeah, my bad. Silly. Just--
Yeah.
- Where is it?
- Can I give you some advice?
You gotta get better
at this part of the job.
I don't understand.
I'm intimidating.
- Staten Island Ferry, 11.
- Oh, that's soon.
That's gonna
dissolve in two hours.
No, no, no. Come fix this.
- Two hours. You deserve that.
- I got ice cream in here.
You deserve that. You're
a criminal. Bye, Mr. Criminal.
Nice.
Okay, Karen, activate
Enhanced Reconnaissance Mode.
Sure thing.
He's up front, main deck.
I hate this guy.
It's the guy from the bridge, right?
Who's that other guy?
Just keep me posted.
There's no record of him
in my criminal database.
Incoming call from May Parker.
Should I reroute to your heads-up display?
I can't talk right now.
I'll call her back.
Hey, dronie, keep an eye on that guy.
We can't let anybody get away this time.
- Who's the guy on the left?
- Mac Gargan.
Extensive criminal
record, including homicide.
Would you like me
to activate Instant Kill?
No, Karen, stop it with
the Instant Kill already.
White pickup truck.
Dronie, scan the ship
for a white pickup truck.
Oh, this is too perfect.
I got the weapons, buyers
and sellers in one place.
- Incoming call from Tony Stark.
- No, no, no.
- Don't answer.
- Mr. Parker. Got a sec?
- Uh, I'm actually at school.
- No, you're not.
- Nice work in D.C.
- Okay.
My dad never really
gave me a lot of support...
...and I'm trying to
break the cycle of shame.
Uh, I'm in the
middle of something.
Don't cut me off when
I'm complimenting you.
Anyway, great
things are about to--
- What is that?
- Uh, I'm at band practice.
That's odd. Happy told me you
quit band six weeks ago. What's up?
- I gotta go. Uh, end call.
- Hey.
I'll take those!
Yoink.
Hey, guys. The illegal-weapons-deal
ferry was at 10:30. You missed it.
Spider guy's here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Not so fast.
Are you guys okay? My bad.
That was a little hard.
I got to say, the other guy
was way better with that thing.
I'm honestly--
I'm-- I'm shocked.
- Freeze! FBI.
- Don't move.
- Get on the ground.
- FBI.
What do you mean, FBI?
- Federal Bureau of Investigation.
- I know, but what are they doing here?
Get out of the way.
Get out of the way!
Whoa, whoa, whoa! No.
Look out, look out, look out.
Move, move, move!
- Move.
- Get to the top deck.
We're getting out of here.
Activate Taser web!
You're messing with
things you don't understand.
Oh, my God.
What do I do? Karen...
...give me an x-ray of the boat
and target all the strongest points.
Web grenade. Web grenade.
Splitter web, go.
Great job, Peter.
You are 98 percent successful.
- Ninety-eight?
- Yeah, Spider-Man!
No, no, no.
No!
What the hell?
Hi, Spider-Man.
Band practice, was it?
Yeah, Iron Man!
Uh, Mr. Stark.
Hey, Mr. Stark, could I do anything?
What do you want me to do?
I think you've done enough.
Previously on Peter
Screws the Pooch...
...I tell you to stay
away from this.
Instead, you hacked a
multimillion-dollar suit...
...so you could sneak
around behind my back...
- ...doing the one thing I told you not to do.
- Is everyone okay?
No thanks to you.
No thanks to me?
Those weapons were out there,
and I tried to tell you about it...
...but you didn't listen.
None of this would've happened
if you had just listened to me.
If you even cared,
you'd actually be here.
I did listen, kid.
Who do you think called the FBI, huh?
Do you know I was the only
one who believed in you?
Everyone else said I was
crazy to recruit a 14-year-old kid.
- I'm 15.
- No, this is where you zip it, all right?
The adult is talking.
What if somebody had died tonight?
Different story, right?
Because that's on you.
And if you died...
...I feel like that's on me.
- I don't need that on my conscience.
- Yes, sir.
- I'm sorry. I understand.
- Sorry doesn't cut it.
I just wanted to be like you.
And I wanted you to be better.
It's not working out.
I'm gonna need the suit back.
- For how long?
- Forever.
- Yeah, that's how it works.
- No, no. Please.
- Let's have it.
- Please, this is all I have.
I'm nothing without this suit.
If you're nothing without this
suit, then you shouldn't have it.
Okay?
God, I sound like my dad.
I don't have any other clothes.
Okay, we'll sort that out.
Hey.
I've been calling you all day.
You didn't answer your phone.
You can't do that.
Then this ferry thing happens.
I've called five
police stations.
Five.
I called five of your friends.
I called Ned's mother.
I'm fine. May, I'm okay.
Honestly, just relax. I'm fine.
Cut the bullshit.
I know you left detention.
I know you left the hotel
room in Washington.
I know you sneak out
of this house every night.
That's not fine.
Peter, you have to tell me
what's going on. Just lay it out.
It's just me and you.
I lost the Stark internship.
- What?
- Yeah.
What happened?
I just thought that I could work really
hard and he could-- He would-- You know.
But I screwed it up.
It's okay, it's okay.
It's okay.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
I'm not trying
to ruin your life.
Yeah, I know.
Just--
- I used to sneak out too.
- Yeah.
And take a shower. You smell.
You smell like garbage.
I know.
You all right, son?
I saw your girl stomp off a
little earlier in quite a huff.
Yeah.
It's fortuitous...
you listening to this song.
You know... Brandy?
By Looking Glass?
A favorite of your mom's.
Yeah, it was.
One of Earth's greatest
musical compositions.
Perhaps its very greatest.
Yes!
Peter, you and I, we're
the sailor in that song.
♪ He came on a summer's day
♪ Bringing gifts from far away
Like the child I put
in your mother...
or the freedom you
brought Gamora.
♪ Brandy, you're a fine girl
♪ What a good wife you would be
♪ My life, my love
♪ My lady is the sea ♪
The sea calls the sailor back.
He loves the girl, but
that's not his place.
The sea calls upon him as
history calls upon great men.
And sometimes we are
deprived the pleasures of mortals.
Well, you may not
be mortal, but me...
No, Peter...
death will remain a
stranger to both of us...
as long as the light
burns within the planet.
I'm immortal?
Mmm-hmm.
Really?
Yes! As long as
the light exists.
And I can use the light
to build cool things...
like how you made
this whole planet?
It might take you a few
million years of practice...
before you get really
good at it. But, yes!
What!
Get ready for an 800-foot
statue of Pac-Man with Skeletor...
and Heather Locklear.
You can do anything you want.
I'm gonna make some weird shit.
But you know, Peter, it is a
tremendous responsibility.
Only we can remake the universe.
Only we can take the
bridle of the cosmos...
and lead it to where
it needs to go.
How?
Come with me.
I came in here because
I didn't want to talk.
Okay.
We, uh... We just sit.
We just sit.
Where are you going?
- To do this myself.
- Don't. You won't survive.
I wish I could believe
that you cared.
But you're not even the first
mother that abandoned me.
No, you weren't abandoned.
You were selected by a program
that assessed the
genetic potential in infants.
I was taken?
I believe a bargain was
struck, your family paid off.
But your mother, she never
stopped looking for you.
She was like you in
that way. She was
relentless.
What happened to her?
Dreykov had her killed.
Her existence threatened
to uncover the Red Room.
Normally, the actions
of one curious civilian
wouldn't warrant an execution,
but, as I said,
she was relentless.
I thought about her
every day of my life.
Whether or not I
admitted it to myself, I did.
I've always found it best
not to look into the past.
Then why did you save this?
I remember this day.
We shot Christmas, Thanksgiving,
Easter and summer vacation all in one day.
- Different backdrops.
- Mmm.
I knew all the presents under the tree
were just empty boxes, but I didn't care.
I wanted to open
every single one...
so just for a second
it would feel real.
Let's stop this.
Why you doing this?
Why does a mouse born in a
cage run on that little wheel?
Do you know I was cycled
through the Red Room
four times before
you were even born?
Those walls are all I know.
I was never given a choice.
But you're not a mouse, Melina.
You were just born in a
cage, but that's not your fault.
Tell me, how did
you keep your heart?
Pain only makes us stronger.
Didn't you tell us that?
What you taught
me kept me alive.
I'm sorry, I already
alerted the Red Room.
They'll be here any minute.
So, there I am ice
fishing with my father.
It's very cold day
in this little ice shed.
Cold even for Russia, you know?
"Keep the vodka by the fire,"
my father would say to me.
Please stop talking.
- Please wait. Please wait.
- Please, no.
Please, I don't want to talk.
Please. Please.
There is a reason why I'm telling
you this, okay? Trust me.
I am reaching for fish.
Oh! I lose balance. Ah!
Splash!
My hands go in the river.
In this weather,
frostbite sets in quick.
My father, he go
toilet on my hands.
Oh, my God.
Urine is 35 degrees Celsius,
staves off the frostbite.
How is this relevant?
You know,
fathers.
No. No.
You have done nothing but
tell me how bored you were.
I was the chore, the job
you didn't want to do.
To me?
To me, you were everything.
Exactly. You don't care.
You don't care.
The only thing you care
about are your stupid glory days
as the Crimson Dynamo, and
no one wants to hear about it.
It's the Red Guardian.
Get out.
Get out!
I can't remember
If I cried
♪ When I read about
his widowed bride
♪ Something touched me deep inside
♪ The day
♪ The music
♪ Died
♪ And they were singing
♪ Bye-Bye
♪ Miss American Pie
♪ Drove my Chevy to the levee
♪ But the levee was dry
♪ Them good old boys
♪ Drinking whiskey
♪ Singing
♪ "This will be the
day that I die"
♪ "This'll be the day"
Get down.
They think...
I'm sorry.
Let's not keep him waiting.
Drax, Drax. Drax!
Drax! We need to talk.
I'm sorry.
But I like a woman with
some meat on her bones.
What?
I tried to let you down easily by
telling you I found you disgusting.
No, that's not what I...
What are you doing?
I'm imagining being
with you physically.
Drax...
I don't like you like that.
I don't even like the
type of thing you are.
Hey! There's no need
to get personal.
Listen! Ego's gotten
exactly what he wanted.
I should have told you earlier.
I'm stupid. You are in danger.
What is that?
Now, you need to readjust
the way you process life.
Everything around
us, including the girl...
Everything is temporary.
We are forever.
Doesn't eternity get boring?
Not if you have a
purpose, Peter...
which is why you're here.
I told you how all
those years ago...
I had an unceasing
impulse to find life.
But what I did not tell you was
how, when I finally did find it...
it was all so...
disappointing.
And that is when I came...
to a profound realization.
My innate desire to
seek out other life...
was not so that I could
walk among that life.
Peter...
I have found meaning.
I see it.
Eternity!
Oh, my God.
We need to get off this planet.
Oh, man.
Anyway, before I was
so rudely interrupted...
At that time, I was a
Federal Express man.
What the hell you doing, boy?
I could tell by how
you talked about him...
this Ego is bad news.
We're here to save Quill.
For what? Huh?
For honor? For love?
No. I don't care
about those things.
I wanna save Quill so I can
prove I'm better than him!
I can lord this
over him forever.
What are you laughing at me for?
You can fool yourself and
everyone else, but you can't fool me.
I know who you are.
You don't know anything
about me, loser.
I know everything about you.
I know you play like you're
the meanest and the hardest...
but, actually, you're
the most scared of all.
Shut up!
I know you steal
batteries you don't need...
and you push away anyone
who's willing to put up with you...
because just a
little bit of love...
reminds you how big and empty
that hole inside you actually is.
I said shut up!
I know them scientists
what made you,
never gave a
rat's ass about you.
I'm serious, dude!
Just like my own damn
parents who sold me...
their own little
baby, into slavery.
I know who you are, boy.
Because you're me.
What kind of a pair are we?
The kind that's about to
go fight a planet, I reckon.
All right, okay! Good. Wait.
Fight a what?
Who are you people?
What is this place?
Gamora, let her go!
The bodies in the caverns...
Who are they?
You are scared.
I call it the Expansion.
It is my purpose...
and now it is yours as well.
It's beautiful.
Over thousands of years...
I implanted thousands
of extensions of myself...
on thousands of worlds.
I need to fulfill life's
one true purpose...
To grow and spread...
covering all that exists...
until everything is...
Me!
What did she do to me?
She already told me everything.
I only had one problem.
A single Celestial doesn't
have enough power
for such an enterprise.
But two Celestials...
Well, now, that just might do.
The bodies...
are his children.
Out of all my labors...
the most beguiling was...
attempting to graft my DNA
with that of another species.
I hoped the result of such a
coupling would be enough...
to power the Expansion.
I had Yondu deliver
some of them to me.
It broke the Ravager code, but I
compensated him generously...
and to ease his conscience,
I said I'd never hurt them.
I mean, that was true.
They never felt a thing.
But one after the other,
they failed me.
Not one of them carried
the Celestial genes.
Until you, Peter.
Out of all my spawn...
only you carried the
connection to the light.
We need to find Peter now,
and get off this damn planet.
Ego will have won him
to his side by now.
Then we just go. No!
He's our friend.
All any of you do...
is yell at each other.
You are not friends.
You're right.
We're family.
We leave no one behind.
Except maybe you.
Oh, my God.
For the first time
in my existence...
I am truly not alone!
What is it, son?
My friends.
You see, that's the
mortal in you, Peter.
Yes.
We are beyond such things.
- Now...
- But my mother...
You said you loved my mother.
And that I did.
My river lily who
knew all the words
to every song that
came over the radio.
I returned to Earth
to see her three times.
And I knew if I
returned a fourth...
I'd never leave.
The Expansion...
the reason for my very
existence, would be over.
So, I did what I had to do.
But it broke my heart to
put that tumor in her head.
What?
Now, all right...
I know that sounds bad.
Who in the hell do
you think you are?
You killed my mother!
I tried...
so hard...
to find the form...
that best suited you...
and this is the thanks I get?
You really need to grow up.
I wanted to do this together...
but I suppose
you'll have to learn
by spending the next
thousand years as a battery!
Finally! Rocket?
Keep that transmitter nearby,
so I can find you.
We're in an old piece of construction
equipment Yondu once used...
to slice open the
Bank of A'askavaria.
Ego's unhinged.
I know.
Get ready.
Drop her, Kraglin.
No.
♪ My life, my love
♪ My lady is the sea ♪
Peter...
this is the sea.
Oh...
I can't re--
Motherf--
That's what I get for helping.
Excuse me.
A-- A human being needs help.
Hate this dude, man.
Yeah, sorry, Miles.
I'm not gonna make it.
Yeah, I'm just stuck.
Wait, where are you going?
You were supposed
to be my lift home.
How will I get out of here?
Hey! Aw, gee...
I've got so many
more stories to tell.
Aw, guys.
Oh, gee...